We are looking for software engineers to lead the Back-End development of our sales team tools within a microservice environment, what does this mean?


You will lead an agile team of developers specialized in one of the modules that make up the back end of our sales application. You will define your team's work patterns.
You will be the technical manager of the development.
You will work side-by-side with an UX and a Business Product Owner to achieve key goals.
You will be responsible for reviewing the development tasks pursuing the following objectives:
 

1. Review of the proposed technical solution

2. Efficient task distribution among the team

3. Execution of part of the development.

4. Handle possible technical blocks and help solve them hand in hand with the support areas within the project (Technical architecture, DevOps, Security, Monitoring, Agile Coach, Performance, QA...)

5. Participate in making technical decisions regarding the project.

6. Watching for the future and the scalability of the microservices under your charge.

 

What are you going to do?

 

Analyze large amount of available data and perform experiments.
Advise business stakeholders and the product team about the possibilities of data and how to use them. You understand that you have to manage legacy and you have the skills to design flexible and robust software. 
Participate in architectural decisions and lead technically.
You will work hand in hand with product and UX to refine the use of data.
And obviously you will get involved in the day to day of the development teams; so you will code, you will make code reviews ...


REQUIREMENTS

How do we imagine you?

 

You have the capacity to collect large amounts of data, process and analyze it to discern if it’s potentially interesting or not.
You have built one or several data-driven software products or with particular emphasis on data.
You have been part of development teams with diverse profiles.
You have knowledge of predictive algorithms and Machine Learning.
You have a natural ability to empathize with business people, potential users and other stakeholders.
You strongly believe in and implement coding best practices: testing, clean code ...
You regularly use collaborative tools and practices developing software: git, CI, code reviews, dailies, backlogs, retrospectives ..
You have knowledge in data visualization, or at least it’s a topic you are passionate about
Bonus, what we value positively:

• Knowledge in DDD.

• Experience in high availability systems.


If you think you are a match, we are looking forward to meet you!

Our mail its: franciscovo@inditex.com or Cristinaaluq@inditex.com
