We are looking for a SW Solution Analyst to lead the development of our System in e-Commerce Logistics. What does this mean?


- You will lead a team and be responsible for  managing and improving an application with global impact. You will define its guidelines to make it the best solution available for its users.

- You will deal with the different operation teams in Logistics, to listen to their needs and points of view  to turn them into tinto the best solutions for your application.  

- You will work under agile methodologies with non-hierarchical collaborative teams. Your team will have a high level of autonomy and responsibility.

-You must create solutions that allow you to constantly improve your product, facilitating users' day-to-day activities.

-You will need to break down a specific idea or project into user requirements/stories, analyse the solution and  workwith each of the stakeholders involved to guarantee the success of the  final proposal

 
REQUIREMENTS
How do we imagine you?


You have knowledge in Java.
You master the development of applications with complex business logic
Experience in integration between systems and e-Commerce environments (technical or functional in both cases).
Experience in software development.
Leadership: You must be the source of inspiration for your team to give their best. You must attract and keep the talent in your team. Your knowledge should also be the reference for the rest.
Learning and communication skills: You will be the link between different business areas and the technical team. You must have great analytical skill and the ability to transform a complex problem into an executable settling solution for both parties, adapting the message to your audience and transmitting total confidence in the solution you propose.
Future vision: You must think on a large scale and be aware of the dimensions that your product can reach, or the challenges it must respond to.
A reflective, analytical and independent person: You reach the objectives you set, make thoughtful decisions and solve incidents and conflicts in pressure environments with security and autonomy.
You have solid experience in designing processes and defining requirements for technical teams.  You are passionate about agile methodology and want to learn new things every day and don't settle for anything (in a good way).
Languages: You have an advanced level of spoken and written english and spanish. 
You have over a year experience working as solution architect or functional analyst 
Adaptable to change. We are an ever-growing company and throughout your professional career in our team you may be leading different products or solutions. 
Bonus


Valuable: agile certifications or training in this area 

If you think there is a match, we are looking forward to meet you!
Our Email its: franciscovo@inditex.com or cristinaaluq@inditex.com
